maint: Update and document Network Agent cluster privileges (#302)
honeycombio/helm-charts: charts/network-agent/README.md

The only requirement is a Honeycomb API Key. This can be provided either by setting `honeycomb.apiKey` or by setting `honeycomb.existingSecret` to the name of an existing opaque secret resource.

You can obtain your API Key by going to your Account profile page inside of your Honeycomb instance.

## Deployment Privileges

> The network agent uses the following Kubernetes cluster resources and permissions to enrich generated events with kubernetes metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The network agent requires the following permissions to enrich generated events with kubernetes metadata.
```

> Resources:
> - Pods, Services & Nodes
> 
> Verbs:
> - Get, List & Watch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yaml
-  apiGroups: ["", "metrics.k8s.io","apps"]
    resources: ["nodes", "pods", "services"]
    verbs: ["get","watch","list"]
```
```
